backend stuff ------------------------------------------------------------------


write function that retrieves the dominant color of an image

front end:
interface for the admin page, make it generic so that you can reuse it for other websites (maybe).
Home/timeline page --------------------------------------------------------------------------


turn throttle thing into a class
Look for TODO in manage block move
reimplement handleEdgeOffset(undefined, true);

If you accidentally drag your cursor over one of the events, it fucks up the entire timeline animation

take care of the setSCrollPositionTOYearX. Right now it's moving without taking into account the 
current position of the moved elements. Can cause offset in a really big screen. Change it so that it
really moves the elements to the actual postiion OR move it to the translateX position where the user begins grabbing. <<< If there is a throttling, this won't be necessary; user won't be able to scroll very far anyway.

Work on admin page's ui and all the internal data.

Make a see all button to let the user see all projects in filter page.
Add see all component, reuse it in the admin page.

Use the new production sql, with this new one added, you'll be able to test your pagination as well.

Keep the container size in the filter page when search and nothing shows up

Algorithm for show all:
    1. Create a get rest function in backend, this function will fetch the rest of the project based on the pagination position. 
       This will ensure that we request for only what we need and that when show all is disabled, we still have the pagination position.

    2. Update the graphql schema in frontend
    3. etc etc

get a new screenshot of tripleAGlove with proper ratio

Make a reusable function for expanding the show all project


Before doing this, add the banner first => banner is good cus you get to practice shader


//For getting brighter or changing color on raycasted, change from particles to something else and don't use too many.
//this will also allow you to do bloom pass selective for the glow thing

//after this, ready to work on shader!

The orange focus thing on mouseover

Raycasting  should still be done


Use the distance to ray thing. That number can also be used to attenuate the brightness, I think


Now that you have this, apply trails, make them attracted to the ray, anything!

Make the interactedPoints accessed through hash. The hash value is the index. Warning, if you make this
an array, when you set for example "23", the array immediately becomes length 23. Not good.





